support mcp and fix some bug (#35263)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/ai/ai-agents/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 1.1.0-beta.2 (2025-07-18)

### Features Added

- Add MCP tool

### Bugs Fixed

> - Add back `MicrosoftFabricTool`, `SharepointTool` and `BingCustomSearchTool` relate utils

Reviewer: Why do we have this entry? I thought these tools have already been added in v1.1.0-beta.1.

Reviewer: never mind, I see there are places where we missed adding them.

# Release History

## 1.1.0-beta.2 (2025-07-18)

> ### Features Added
> 
> - Add MCP tool
> 
> ### Bugs Fixed
> 
> - Add back `MicrosoftFabricTool`, `SharepointTool` and `BingCustomSearchTool` relate utils
> 
> ### Breaking changes
> 
> - `DeepResearchDetails` fields `deepResearchBingGroundingConnections` is now `bingGroundingConnections` and `deepResearchModel` is now `model`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Features Added

- Add MCP tool

### Bugs Fixed

- Adds back `MicrosoftFabricTool`, `SharepointTool` and `BingCustomSearchTool` related utils.

### Breaking changes

- The `DeepResearchDetails` type has been updated: the field `deepResearchBingGroundingConnections` has been renamed to `bingGroundingConnections` and the field `deepResearchModel` has been renamed to `model`.
```

Author: Update
